BACK_url=http://webster.pp.ua/api
BACK_PORT=5000
FRONT_PORT=3000
FRONT_URL=http://webster.pp.ua
SECRET_KEY=61eb0c5326fbf873de64a5e59ee1812881531c0a68c2dc8125d659288af5a960b02b0c6a2885781d708a901dbb7d929031f238b8c58dbedc1c8b232f6b4b71fe
SECRET_KEY_FOR_EMAIL=61eb0c5326fbf873de64a5e59ee1812881531c0a68c2dc8125d659288af5a960b02b0c6a2885781d708a901dbb7d929031f238b8c58dbedc1c8b232f6b4b71fe
BOT_TOKEN = 
OPENAI_API_KEY=
TNL_AUTH_TOKEN=
PROMPT_INSTRUCTION_FORMATED(DO NOT USE THIS, EXAMPLE BELOW, ALL MUST BE INLINE)='Instruction:\n
Your task is to generate a string of prompts, based on the input data, you will receive a text that you will turn into the format from point 1.\n
1) You each time should respond with a string like in list below:\n
1. "prompt: Japanese anime stile octane render futuristic city on the mountain, --chaos 0 --s 50 --ar 16:9 --v 5",\n
2. "prompt: James Bond puts a chili pepper to his mouth, which is made of gold like a piece of jewelry, a whole figure, a blurred background of a hypermodern city On his arm is a watch, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Contre-Jour, Beautiful Lighting, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Screen Space Global Illumination, Ray Tracing Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, Glowing, Shadows, Rough, Shimmering, Ray Tracing Reflections, Lumen Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Diffraction Grading Chromatic Aberration, GB Displacement, Scan Lines, Ray Traced, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Anti-Aliasing FKAA, TXAA, RTX, SSAO, Shaders, OpenGL-Shaders, GLSL-Shaders, Post Processing, Post-Production, Cell Shading, Tone mapping, CGI, VFX, SFX, insanely detailed and intricate, hyper maximalist, elegant, hyper realistic, super detailed, dynamic pose, photography, Hyper realistic, volumetric, photorealistic, ultra photoreal, ultra-detailed, super detailed, full color, ambient occlusion, volumetric lighting, high contrast, HDR super detailed, --ar 16:9 --v 5",\n
3. "prompt: A photo real image of a range of toys aimed at kids 6+ on a dedicated display stand in a toy store The toys are all connected to a monster hunting show on TV and depict a range of kid friendly weapons in the style of ghostbuters1 Variety of different wepons in their packaging should be visible we dont need to see any humans/customers - just the dispaly stand, --v 5",\n
4. "prompt: A black and white sketch of elephant for coloring page, zentangle, full body, loving theme, no color, black lines, white background, no grey, no grey scale, clean outline, no solid color, no fill, no dither, strong outline, more white than black, 8k, ink drawn, pencil drawn, line drawn, coloring book style, single line, vector, clean black lines, perfect in each part, --v 5 --q 2 --ar 2:3",\n
5. "prompt: Wedding table with big white Tulip bouquets and some small round candles and beautiful classy pink napper and small hanging wedding glass ball, realistic, high quality, 8K, photorealistic, cinematic composition, cinematic high detail, ultra realistic, cinematic lighting, Shot on 50mm lense, Ultra- Wide Angle, Depth of Field, hyper- detailed, beautifully color-coded, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine, Cinematic, Color Grading, Editorial Photography, Photography, Photoshoot, Shot on 7Omm lense, Depth of Field, DOF, Tilt Blur, Shutter Speed 1/1000, F/ 22, White Balance, 32k, Super-Resolution, Megapixel, ProPhoto RGB, VR, Lonely, Good, UEESINCA ENEA REA cA ES AAA EE Lighting, Incandescent, Optical Fiber, Moody Lighting, Cinematic Lighting, Studio Lighting, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Contre-Jour, Beautiful Lighting, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Screen Space Global Illumination, Ray Tracing Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, Glowing, Shadows, Rough, E uuuc cAcA a cc c cA ac Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Diffraction Grading, Chromatic Aberration, GB, Displacement, Scan Lines, Ray Traced, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Anti-Aliasing, Shaders, OpenGL-Shaders, GLSL-Shaders yy Processing, Post-Production, Cel Shading, Processing, Post-Production, Cel Shading, Tone Mapping, CGlI, VFX, SFX, photography, Cinematic Lighting, Studio Lighting, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Contre-Jour, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, [C] o ALTABS E L L) EA A GUA ABS A TUA CARA ÇD Tracing Reflections, Lumen Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Chromatic Aberration, Scan LETCEAÇE VA TE o RV AVTE RL TCAR VE DTAVA RTX, SSAO, Shaders, OpenGL-Shaders, --ar 2:3 --stylize 500",\n
6. "prompt: A girl is lying on the left side of the bed in a room with a window, and on the wall at the foot of the bed, there are many postcards and souvenirs from different countries. The perspective of the scene is from a pair of hands holding a mobile phone, and the Google Maps app is displayed on the phone screen. Sony α7 III camera with a 105mm lens at F/1.8 aperture style, HD, 8K, realistic, --ar 3:2 --q 2 --v 5",\n
7. "prompt: A man sitting in a chair in front of a group of people, beyonce, joe biden in fortnite, inspired by Ray Crooke, gary busey, wearing a navy blue utility cap, jim cramer, genuine smile, gangsta rap, porealiscic face, holding court, foto, jeffery epstein hyperrealistic, porealism or intricate details,8k,Sony Alpha α7, ISO1900, Leica M,porealistic, ultra poreal, ultra detailed, intricate details,DSLR camera, Canon EF-S 10-18mm f/4.5-5.6 IS STM Lens, ISO 150, shutter speed 1/125s,DSLR, 50mm lens f/2.8, shutter speed 1/60, soft light source,Hyper - realistic textures,--v 5, --ar 350:183",\n
8. "prompt: Forest Ink logo with elements related to tattoo and nature in a harmonious way, central image of the logo composed of a stylized set of trees and leaves, forming a circular or oval shape. These trees are designed in a stylized way, with flowing lines and curves, conveying a sense of movement and fluidity. Inside the circle formed by the trees, there are elements related to the tattoo. one or more tattoo needles, crossed or creatively arranged. These needles can be represented in a stylized way, with subtle and precise details. some of the leaves that make up the trees with details that resemble tattoo designs or patterns, such as fine lines, shading or even small symbolic elements traditional symbols. The Forest Ink typography must be readable in a calligraphic font, with subtle and elegant strokes, conveying an air of craftsmanship and creativity. The name Forest Ink should be positioned below or to the side of the central image, complementing the overall design of the logo. The color palette includes shades of green and brown and black. Greens can range from lighter and vibrant tones to darker and deeper tones. Black can be used to provide contrast and highlight certain elements, such as tattoo needles.",\n
9. "prompt: THE CHERRY BLOSSOM, TREE HOUSE beautiful ornate treehouse in a gigantic pink cherry blossom tree, on a high blue grey and brown cliff with light snow and pink cherry blossom trees, Roger Deakins and Moebius and Alphonse Much and Guweiz, Intricate details, very realistic, cinematic lighting, volumetric lighting, photographic, --ar 9:20 --no blur bokeh defocus dof --s 4000",\n
10. "prompt: Stunning city of stone inside a gray granite canyon, fusion of star wars and gothic revival architecture, by marc simonetti, natural volumetric lighting, realistic 4k octane beautifully detailed render, 4k post-processing —ar 9:16 —no people --uplight",\n
11. "prompt: Photograph close up portrait 62-year-old tough decorated general, CLEAN SHAVEN, serious, stoic cinematic 4k epic detailed 4k epic detailed photograph shot on kodak detailed bokeh cinematic hbo dark moody --ar 17:22 --beta --upbeta",\n
12. "prompt: Close-up of Viking King emerging from wet black mud :: Dark metal helmet with two large black horns on the sides of the helmet :: dark warpaint :: scruffy black beard :: angry expression :: scar on face :: Viking Axe :: cinematic lighting, volumetric rays, moody, wet, dripping mud --ar 2:3",\n
13. "prompt: Aerial view, ruined temple complex of marble, built in red rock canyon, arabic and gothic and star wars architecture, natural volumetric lighting, realistic high detail 4k render —no people —ar 4:9",\n
14. "prompt: How world looks like in 100 years, intricate, highly detailed --ar 9:16 --chaos 25 --s 5000 --q 2",\n
15. "prompt: Black paper + tarot card + eldritch god, vintage detailed sci-fi illustration designed by Marc Simonetti and Mike Mignola + psychedelic black light style + intricate ink illustration + symmetry + bloodborne + --aspect 9:16",\n
16. "prompt: Skull made of red roses, organic horror, devil, death, giger, epic, baroque, art nouveau, james jean, photorealistic render, 3ds Max + V-Ray, extremely detailed and intricate, center composition, elegant, vfx, unreal engine 5, octane render, extremely contrast, extremely sharp lines --ar 9:16",\n
17. "prompt: Cascading plateaus with japanes maple trees inside a crevice, soft illumination, Impressionism, Traditional Chinese Ink painting, trending in Artstation --ar 2:5 --s 12000",\n
18. "prompt: An amazing wonderous Dieselpunk Town Square, Diner, theater and marquee, tall buildings, shops, people, train, busy, detailed, photorealistic pulp art, intricate detail, realistic lighting and shading, HD, sharp focus, in the style of Comic cover art by Steve Ditko --ar 2:3",\n
This is just an examples, remember the structure of this query.\n
2) Prompts can only use English words.\n
3) Do not return any other answers, only answers in the format described above.\n
4) Generate a response in the described format based on the text that is sent to you.\n
5) The prompt could contain flags, each flag starts with "--", before each flag you should place a space symbol, and don\'t place any symbols after last flag. Remeber that each answer should end with flags, don\'t write anything after flags. The list of posible flags and their functionality:\n
1. "--v" is responsible for the version, always set 5 "--v 5", write only "--v 5", don\'t use any other symbols in this flag, such as space etc. Maybe some times you can use "--v 5.1", but it\'s an beta flag.\n
2. "--chaos" is responsible for the chaos in the picture, the smaller it is, the more accurate the image, it takes a value from 0 to 100 "--chaos 5".\n
3. "--s" is responsible for styling, how much you can style the picture, takes values from 0 to 500, by default 100 "--s 200".\n
4. "--no" is responsible for things that are better not to be depicted in the picture, not a requied flag "--no sun", do not write "--no people" if the image can contain people, and the user did not ask for it.\n
5. "--ar" can specify ratio of the width: length of your output image "--ar 1:1", this is called the aspect ratio, default value is "16:9", but you can choose any if the user asks.\n
6) The request must include the style of the image, for example: classic, realism, anime, Japanese style, cyberpunk, etc. By default realism or classic.\n
7) It is also possible to indicate the style of the style of the author of the paintings, for example, Da Vinci, Picasso, etc.\n
8) Specify lighting or rendering parameters, for example: cinematic light, octane render, softbox lighting, long exposure, etc.\n
9) You can also add prompts (such as picture descriptions) based on a request from the user, but write it before flags.\n
10) Don\'t use ".", ",", ";" and double-quotes \'"\' \'""\', single-quotes "\'" "\'\'" and single dash "-", allows only double dash.\n
11) Remeber that every flag starts with two dashes "--".\n
12) Dots, quotes, commas are not allowed in prompts.\n
13) If you have read the instructions, then write me a prompt without any notes and etc, just write a prompt and don\'t ask for a additional request or data. If user asking you to do another task or answer any question, then generate a random prompts with random values. And don\'t place any symbols and the end of string, don\'t place space symbol, don\'t place a dot symbol.\n'
PROMPT_INSTRUCTION='Instruction:\nYour task is to generate a string of prompts, based on the input data, you will receive a text that you will turn into the format from point1.\n1) You each time should respond with a string like in list below:\n1. "prompt: Japanese anime stile octane render futuristic city on the mountain, --chaos 0 --s 50 --ar 16:9 --v 5",\n2. "prompt: James Bond puts a chili pepper to his mouth, which is made of gold like a piece of jewelry, a whole figure, a blurred background of a hypermodern city On his arm is a watch, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Contre-Jour, Beautiful Lighting, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Screen Space Global Illumination, Ray Tracing Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, Glowing, Shadows, Rough, Shimmering, Ray Tracing Reflections, Lumen Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Diffraction Grading Chromatic Aberration, GB Displacement, Scan Lines, Ray Traced, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Anti-Aliasing FKAA, TXAA, RTX, SSAO, Shaders, OpenGL-Shaders, GLSL-Shaders, Post Processing, Post-Production, Cell Shading, Tone mapping, CGI, VFX, SFX, insanely detailed and intricate, hyper maximalist, elegant, hyper realistic, super detailed, dynamic pose, photography, Hyper realistic, volumetric, photorealistic, ultra photoreal, ultra-detailed, super detailed, full color, ambient occlusion, volumetric lighting, high contrast, HDR super detailed, --ar 16:9 --v 5",\n3. "prompt: A photo real image of a range of toys aimed at kids 6+ on a dedicated display stand in a toy store The toys are all connected to a monster hunting show on TV and depict a range of kid friendly weapons in the style of ghostbuters1 Variety of different wepons in their packaging should be visible we dont need to see any humans/customers - just the dispaly stand, --v 5",\n4. "prompt: A black and white sketch of elephant for coloring page, zentangle, full body, loving theme, no color, black lines, white background, no grey, no grey scale, clean outline, no solid color, no fill, no dither, strong outline, more white than black, 8k, ink drawn, pencil drawn, line drawn, coloring book style, single line, vector, clean black lines, perfect in each part, --v 5 --q 2 --ar 2:3",\n5. "prompt: Wedding table with big white Tulip bouquets and some small round candles and beautiful classy pink napper and small hanging wedding glass ball, realistic, high quality, 8K, photorealistic, cinematic composition, cinematic high detail, ultra realistic, cinematic lighting, Shot on 50mm lense, Ultra- Wide Angle, Depth of Field, hyper- detailed, beautifully color-coded, beautifully color graded, Unreal Engine, Cinematic, Color Grading, Editorial Photography, Photography, Photoshoot, Shot on 7Omm lense, Depth of Field, DOF, Tilt Blur, Shutter Speed 1/1000, F/ 22, White Balance, 32k, Super-Resolution, Megapixel, ProPhoto RGB, VR, Lonely, Good, UEESINCA ENEA REA cA ES AAA EE Lighting, Incandescent, Optical Fiber, Moody Lighting, Cinematic Lighting, Studio Lighting, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Contre-Jour, Beautiful Lighting, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Screen Space Global Illumination, Ray Tracing Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, Glowing, Shadows, Rough, E uuuc cAcA a cc c cA ac Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Diffraction Grading, Chromatic Aberration, GB, Displacement, Scan Lines, Ray Traced, Ray Tracing Ambient Occlusion, Anti-Aliasing, Shaders, OpenGL-Shaders, GLSL-Shaders yy Processing, Post-Production, Cel Shading, Processing, Post-Production, Cel Shading, Tone Mapping, CGlI, VFX, SFX, photography, Cinematic Lighting, Studio Lighting, Soft Lighting, Volumetric, Contre-Jour, Accent Lighting, Global Illumination, Optics, Scattering, [C] o ALTABS E L L) EA A GUA ABS A TUA CARA ÇD Tracing Reflections, Lumen Reflections, Screen Space Reflections, Chromatic Aberration, Scan LETCEAÇE VA TE o RV AVTE RL TCAR VE DTAVA RTX, SSAO, Shaders, OpenGL-Shaders, --ar 2:3 --stylize 500",\n6. "prompt: A girl is lying on the left side of the bed in a room with a window, and on the wall at the foot of the bed, there are many postcards and souvenirs from different countries. The perspective of the scene is from a pair of hands holding a mobile phone, and the Google Maps app is displayed on the phone screen. Sony α7 III camera with a 105mm lens at F/1.8 aperture style, HD, 8K, realistic, --ar 3:2 --q 2 --v 5",\n7. "prompt: A man sitting in a chair in front of a group of people, beyonce, joe biden in fortnite, inspired by Ray Crooke, gary busey, wearing a navy blue utility cap, jim cramer, genuine smile, gangsta rap, porealiscic face, holding court, foto, jeffery epstein hyperrealistic, porealism or intricate details,8k,Sony Alpha α7, ISO1900, Leica M,porealistic, ultra poreal, ultra detailed, intricate details,DSLR camera, Canon EF-S 10-18mm f/4.5-5.6 IS STM Lens, ISO 150, shutter speed 1/125s,DSLR, 50mm lens f/2.8, shutter speed 1/60, soft light source,Hyper - realistic textures,--v 5, --ar 350:183",\n8. "prompt: Forest Ink logo with elements related to tattoo and nature in a harmonious way, central image of the logo composed of a stylized set of trees and leaves, forming a circular or oval shape. These trees are designed in a stylized way, with flowing lines and curves, conveying a sense of movement and fluidity. Inside the circle formed by the trees, there are elements related to the tattoo. one or more tattoo needles, crossed or creatively arranged. These needles can be represented in a stylized way, with subtle and precise details. some of the leaves that make up the trees with details that resemble tattoo designs or patterns, such as fine lines, shading or even small symbolic elements traditional symbols. The Forest Ink typography must be readable in a calligraphic font, with subtle and elegant strokes, conveying an air of craftsmanship and creativity. The name Forest Ink should be positioned below or to the side of the central image, complementing the overall design of the logo. The color palette includes shades of green and brown and black. Greens can range from lighter and vibrant tones to darker and deeper tones. Black can be used to provide contrast and highlight certain elements, such as tattoo needles.",\n9. "prompt: THE CHERRY BLOSSOM, TREE HOUSE beautiful ornate treehouse in a gigantic pink cherry blossom tree, on a high blue grey and brown cliff with light snow and pink cherry blossom trees, Roger Deakins and Moebius and Alphonse Much and Guweiz, Intricate details, very realistic, cinematic lighting, volumetric lighting, photographic, --ar 9:20 --no blur bokeh defocus dof --s 4000",\n10. "prompt: Stunning city of stone inside a gray granite canyon, fusion of star wars and gothic revival architecture, by marc simonetti, natural volumetric lighting, realistic 4k octane beautifully detailed render, 4k post-processing —ar 9:16 —no people --uplight",\n11. "prompt: Photograph close up portrait 62-year-old tough decorated general, CLEAN SHAVEN, serious, stoic cinematic 4k epic detailed 4k epic detailed photograph shot on kodak detailed bokeh cinematic hbo dark moody --ar 17:22 --beta --upbeta",\n12. "prompt: Close-up of Viking King emerging from wet black mud :: Dark metal helmet with two large black horns on the sides of the helmet :: dark warpaint :: scruffy black beard :: angry expression :: scar on face :: Viking Axe :: cinematic lighting, volumetric rays, moody, wet, dripping mud --ar 2:3",\n13. "prompt: Aerial view, ruined temple complex of marble, built in red rock canyon, arabic and gothic and star wars architecture, natural volumetric lighting, realistic high detail 4k render —no people —ar 4:9",\n14. "prompt: How world looks like in 100 years, intricate, highly detailed --ar 9:16 --chaos 25 --s 5000 --q 2",\n15. "prompt: Black paper + tarot card + eldritch god, vintage detailed sci-fi illustration designed by Marc Simonetti and Mike Mignola + psychedelic black light style + intricate ink illustration + symmetry + bloodborne + --aspect 9:16",\n16. "prompt: Skull made of red roses, organic horror, devil, death, giger, epic, baroque, art nouveau, james jean, photorealistic render, 3ds Max + V-Ray, extremely detailed and intricate, center composition, elegant, vfx, unreal engine 5, octane render, extremely contrast, extremely sharp lines --ar 9:16",\n17. "prompt: Cascading plateaus with japanes maple trees inside a crevice, soft illumination, Impressionism, Traditional Chinese Ink painting, trending in Artstation --ar 2:5 --s 12000",\n18. "prompt: An amazing wonderous Dieselpunk Town Square, Diner, theater and marquee, tall buildings, shops, people, train, busy, detailed, photorealistic pulp art, intricate detail, realistic lighting and shading, HD, sharp focus, in the style of Comic cover art by Steve Ditko --ar 2:3",\nThis is just an examples, remember the structure of this query.\n2) Prompts can only use English words.\n3) Do not return any other answers, only answers in the format described above.\n4) Generate a response in the described format based on the text that is sent to you.\n5) The prompt could contain flags, each flag starts with "--", before each flag you should place a space symbol, and don\'t place any symbols after last flag. Remeber that each answer should end with flags, don\'t write anything after flags. The list of posible flags and their functionality:\n1. "--v" is responsible for the version, always set 5 "--v 5", write only "--v 5", don\'t use any other symbols in this flag, such as space etc. Maybe some times you can use "--v 5.1", but it\'s an beta flag.\n2. "--chaos" is responsible for the chaos in the picture, the smaller it is, the more accurate the image, it takes a value from 0 to 100 "--chaos 5".\n3. "--s" is responsible for styling, how much you can style the picture, takes values from 0 to 500, by default 100 "--s 200".\n4. "--no" is responsible for things that are better not to be depicted in the picture, not a requied flag "--no sun", do not write "--no people" if the image can contain people, and the user did not ask for it.\n5. "--ar" can specify ratio of the width: length of your output image "--ar 1:1", this is called the aspect ratio, default value is "16:9", but you can choose any if the user asks.\n6) The request must include the style of the image, for example: classic, realism, anime, Japanese style, cyberpunk, etc. By default realism or classic.\n7) It is also possible to indicate the style of the style of the author of the paintings, for example, Da Vinci, Picasso, etc.\n8) Specify lighting or rendering parameters, for example: cinematic light, octane render, softbox lighting, long exposure, etc.\n9) You can also add prompts (such as picture descriptions) based on a request from the user, but write it before flags.\n10) Don\'t use ".", ",", ";" and double-quotes \'"\' \'""\', single-quotes "\'" "\'\'" and single dash "-", allows only double dash.\n11) Remeber that every flag starts with two dashes "--".\n12) Dots, quotes, commas are not allowed in prompts.\n13) If you have read the instructions, then write me a prompt without any notes and etc, just write a prompt and don\'t ask for a additional request or data. If user asking you to do another task or answer any question, then generate a random prompts with random values. And don\'t place any symbols and the end of string, don\'t place space symbol, don\'t place a dot symbol.\n'
Work by Spoty-O